good afternoon guys I'm here for today
show the difference of series 7 of
Professional kitchenaid with series 5
I have this series 5 I think it will do
some three years it is already 5 that the abom
her five-quarters vessel and is the
new is from 7
you can not see 71 follow the same design
all of them but it makes a good difference
size and in the engine structure
I'll call new
and I'll call 5
their mechanism has changed
You can see it as soon as you open it.
even the new series continues American
personal products do not do not do not
other products
do you think the new processor is not
American and had even some criticisms
about this
the professional series she has this part
for you lift the bowl one thing
also changed the design of the two
scouts
So we see that this is who he is.
different
this is the round eye to the nation in
I did not make a difference and beat up
new it can make it clear in
snow blends very fast very fast
fast
other players remain the same
way
the difference is this here now this is the
how commercial is it they can not
there are values
they will not stand dark of
hook
to be continued
the same way and for series 5 I had the
ticket blade he has the fantasies
silicone and it will scrape on the canister
one thing that caught my attention
it is also the weight of the scouts
If I take this old one here I have
150 and three grams against the weight of the new
540 grams is too heavy
the others are very heavy and one thing
also that giving a lot of difference is the
phase size and managed to
to make three kilos of flour in the tauá
in bread 3 pounds and in the old
give a compliment to practically
does not fall within more because if the Al
we compare side by side so the
people see a lot of difference
she gets much more space at is
compared to him so very satisfied
with both
the mpu the wall here for accessories
continue the same way
fit all the accessories you from
the first one that had neide they fit
here another question is also that they
do not advertise the new one as having a motor
1.3 hp
only that in addition to the
researching it does not have 1.3 hp of
power it can deliver up to 1.1.3
but it is 0.5
5 hp it has 500 watts is less than
Series 6 Series 6 has 600 watts and this
yes she has 475
so they decreased the rate of
washington increased strength to the
Your battery managed to last longer.
the gear inside it the box is a
motor drives that have no connections
is an armored box deed here we
you can see the connections between the motor and
the gears but fantastic and it's that
question will evolve by improving this
but the team is silent
the maximum speed
if you want to make some very dough
heavy it makes a little more noise
so as you weigh dough you hear
a little more noise but it's not a thing
more absurd this one here is for you give
the noise that is here is what it is going
to deliver 100
so a mixer show and for who
knows but knows that the one who has the
Bowling that takes the bowl to head here
above is fixed
so I have a fixed body this new
weighs almost 14 kilos and this ancient stone
around 12
I think it's more or less that way they are.
Well, they do not move at all.
when you are not making very heavy dough
very good in a few days will come in
holidays will make some recipes for
you
See you